*THIS IS HANDWRITTEN BY GLENN, FORGIVE MISTAKES OR INCONSISTENCIES PLZ

I am going to orgnaize this around telling what changes to each system in a general sense. Specifics TBD. I plan on cutting about 1/3 of the mod (instead of 1/2).


Creatures: I am going to cut around 20% of them. Otherwise, AI should act normal to wild mobs.

Spawning: Big changes here. I want to cut a lot of the spawn conditions regarding biomes, and only really leave the dimensions untouched. Biome spawn conditions and such should be much looser. Then I will make 2 values to assign ALL lycanites' spawn rates (1 for more common mobs, 1 for rarer mobs but they should be within 35% of each other) and completely rework the mod to make Lycanites feel much less like common mobs and turn it into a Mythic Beasts mod where you see a few of everything. If they normally spawn in packs I will preserve that, at least for first version. The way the creaturs spawn as well via a trigger or normal world spawn will be simplified a bit as well.

Variants: I am keeping the majority of this system. There should be about 2-3 variants of each mob. Regular variant spawn chance: 80%. Uncommon variant spawn chance: 18%. Rare variant spawn chance: 2% if existent, otherwise uncommon is 20%.

Types: I plan to keep all the creature types. I want to reassign some of the types to semi-equalize how many mobs there are in each type. 

Levels: completely scrapping this system. Power Scale in S202 does this well enough.

Farming: scrapping this system completely too! Farming is not a big deal in S202.

Mob events: Keeping this, but simplifying quite a bit. I want around 10 mob events with more varied spawns avalible, and them to be more common. No boss events or holiday events either. I want about 3 of them to be world mob events. Also reworking rarity to more half-time, half-RNG based. 

Altars: I want to scrap the rare variants summoning and just make it for the 3 bosses. Just using the specific soulkey and the pedestal summons it, no block formations needed.

Food: keeping, no issues here.

Crafted Equipment: I want to not scrap this entirely, but rework into a socketable system for already existing weapons. Any tool that does damage can have an imprinted passive effect from an infused equipment part managed and leveled via the equipment forge.

Elements: simplifying into about a dozen or less. Elemental fusion is still applicable.

Dungeons: Keeping but making them rare and smaller.

Fluids: Keeping; key to mob spawning and attacks.

Bestiary: changing to fit all the changes, still giving credit to Lycanite.

The pet and summoning systems remain uncouched for first version
